hello it's ruby and today i am going to
be
doing another readathon so it's
currently
8 30 and i meant to wake up at like 6 30
and i did wake up at 6 30 but then i
accidentally went back to sleep
which was very silly and i'm very
annoyed because i was meant to start at
6 30 but
8 30 now i feel very well rested i
haven't woken up
this i'm not tired for a long time
today i'm going to be doing a 12 hour
readathon so i'm going
to be seeing how many books i can read
in 12 hours and
i am pretty excited so the first thing
i'm going to do is choose the books that
i'm going to read today
up here is my tbr pile
so
[Music]
okay it's now 9 52 and i have just
finished the disappearing girl this was
a
problem hey
and it wasn't very good like i would
probably give this one a half stars if
that maybe even one
i just didn't enjoy reading it and
i thought it was very cliche it was
mainly focused
on a relationship the protagonist and
her boyfriend
and in my own novels i know that a lot
of relationships are very cliche but
this was just
so cliche that it really frustrated me
and i don't know i just didn't think it
was that original
a story i didn't really like it but book
one down
and now i'm going to choose my second
[Music]
book
so i just finished slaughterhouse five
and
this is a book that i have wanted to
read for a while
or at least try again because i tried
reading sword house five when i was
in year eight or nine and i really
didn't like it i read the first
few pages and just didn't get on with it
so i put it down my
i didn't pick it back up until just
today but it was wonderful the narrative
is quite strange
the first two chapters are kind of the
author deliberating what to write
and then he says that he's going to
write the story basically he
it's very strange he's abducted by these
martians the trial for midoriyans
he's taught this new way of approaching
and thinking about time
and he is able to time travel basically
and it's just a really cool insight into
what it means to tell
stories and offers this really unique
way of looking at time
through the perspective of this
non-human race this was really good i
really liked it this might even make its
way onto my
favorite shelf i really liked it so then
after that
i just wrote a quick half page of notes
in this notebook because
i'm trying to reflect more on the books
i read and
encourage myself to think deeply about
them as opposed
to just reading them for pleasure which
i do have a tendency to do and i will
think about the book a lot whilst i'm
reading it but i won't write down any of
those thoughts
so after that i went and got myself some
lunch as well as you can see i had soup
and
i also had some falafel and rice cakes
and hummus
and i just love these kinds of picky
lunches and as you can see i'm reading
all souls here
[Music]
layla
okay so as i said i'm reading all souls
at the moment javier maddy yes
and it's really good it's set in oxford
it's not very long as you can see it's
only like 200 pages i'm already on page
15.
[Music]
please kindly enjoy the smooth jazz as
you
watch me read so i just set up base next
to the fire because it was really cold
today actually no one would think it was
july
um i i'm not complaining though it felt
like autumn
and i was having the best time
okay it's currently ten past two and
i'm only a hundred pages into all souls
this is taking me a lot longer than i
thought it would mainly because the
language is
pretty dense i'm having to read it more
slowly than usual to like properly
appreciate it
beautifully observational like i love
observational writing
it jumps between his time in oxford and
then later in his life when he's in
madrid
okay i have just had this very exciting
parcel come
so this parcel was kind of gifted to me
from nadia mary florence
denim on etsy and i will leave this link
down below
but she is so talented oh my gosh this
is just
beautiful there is an emily dickinson
she's painted emily dickinson on the
back emily dickinson is my favorite poet
i am just i am shocked i
didn't know it would look this amazing
and there are quotes on it too
page 156
i went outside and sat in the room with
lula and red
okay it's ten to four and i've just
finished
all souls required a lot of focus like i
feel quite drained after reading that
even though
um i did really like it can you see that
rain
i'm not sure if you can actually see it
but it's raining
[Music]
mom and i are reading on the safe for
now mum's reading
i really want to read that after you i
can't wait to and i am reading
by tim bowler
[Music]
it's five to six and i have just
finished the fourth book which is
next i'm going to read mockingjay
so i read the first two hunger games
books when i was in year nine
but i started mockingjay and i didn't
like it
so i didn't finish it but i
have been meaning to finish it i feel
like i need to so
this is the next book i'm going to be
reading rain
is by far my favorite weather so i'm
really lucky that i live where i do
because
england is notoriously rainy and i don't
have any corn with that whatsoever
do i want to come outside and read maybe
i'll go up into the treehouse and read
oh my gosh yes
[Music]
listen
it's 20 to 7 and i'm on page 60
of mockingjay i have got to say i am
enjoying it just as little as i did
when i first started it i really liked
the first hunger games book and the
second
but the first 50 pages have just been
full of exposition i'm just hoping that
it will get better
[Music]
so
it's 10 to 8 and i'm on page 195
of mockingjay it is definitely getting
better
now i'm going to go have some dinner my
mom has made
and yeah i will get back to reading that
after aftermath of dinner
someone's skulking around the leftovers
i've just refilled my mug
with hot water to make the most of that
tea because
this is like my favorite tea plan of
action
i'm going to get into bed and
read in bed so i've got 40 minutes until
it's been 12 hours since i started the
readathon so let's see if i can get
through mockingjay i don't think i will
be able to but
[Music]
so
it's currently 9 45 and i
overstepped this i read five books
so the first book i read was
disappearing girl which i didn't really
like
then i read slaughterhouse5 i read
all souls i read and
finally i read mockingjay um so thank
you so much for watching this
read-a-thon i hope you enjoyed it
and i hope that you have a productive
week
[Music]
you